add liz infoq podcast (#16)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2022-01-31-liz-on-infoq/index.md

---
date: '2022-01-31T17:00:00.000Z'
title: 'Liz Rice on Programming the Linux Kernel with eBPF, Cilium and Service Meshes'

> ogImageUrl: 'https://imgopt.infoq.com/fit-in/297x215/filters:quality(80)/podcasts/architecture-design-trends-report-2021/en/mediumimage/InfoQ-Podcast-290x210-1640630697522.jpg'

Reviewer: Better replace with a larger version like https://www.infoq.com/styles/static/images/podcast/podcast-infoq.png

Author: Thanks, that is what I was looking for but couldn't find

> ogImageUrl: 'https://imgopt.infoq.com/fit-in/297x215/filters:quality(80)/podcasts/architecture-design-trends-report-2021/en/mediumimage/InfoQ-Podcast-290x210-1640630697522.jpg'

Author: ```suggestion
ogImageUrl: 'https://www.infoq.com/styles/static/images/podcast/podcast-infoq.png
```

> ogSummary: 'Liz Rice discusses eBPF, why it exists, how it works, what you can and can’t do with it, and Cilium. T'

Author: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Liz Rice discusses eBPF, why it exists, how it works, what you can and can’t do with it, and Cilium'
```
